{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab R. Ar\uc0\u233{}valo, J. Garc\uc0\u237{}a, F. Guijarro, and A. Peris, \uc0\u8220{}A dynamic trading rule based on filtered flag pattern recognition for stock market price forecasting,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Expert Systems with Applications}, vol. 81, pp. 177\uc0\u8211{}192, Sep. 2017.
\
[2]\tab \uc0\u8220{}CAPITAL INVESTMENT APPRAISAL TECHNIQUES: A SURVEY OF CURRENT USAGE - Sangster - 1993 - Journal of Business Finance & Accounting - Wiley Online Library.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1468-5957.1993.tb00258.x/full. [Accessed: 07-Mar-2018].
\
[3]\tab C. Wang and D. J. Hill, \uc0\u8220{}Deterministic Learning and Rapid Dynamical Pattern Recognition,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks}, vol. 18, no. 3, pp. 617\uc0\u8211{}630, May 2007.
\
[4]\tab C. Wang, D. J. Hill, and G. Chen, \uc0\u8220{}Deterministic learning of nonlinear dynamical systems,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2003 IEEE International Symposium on Intelligent Control}, 2003, pp. 87\uc0\u8211{}92.
\
[5]\tab C. Wang and D. J. Hill, {\i{}Deterministic Learning Theory for Identification, Recognition, and Control}. CRC Press, 2009.
\
[6]\tab X. Dong, C. Wang, and W. Si, \uc0\u8220{}ECG beat classification via deterministic learning,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Neurocomputing}, vol. 240, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}12, May 2017.
\
[7]\tab R. Naranjo, J. Arroyo, and M. Santos, \uc0\u8220{}Fuzzy modeling of stock trading with fuzzy candlesticks,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Expert Systems with Applications}, vol. 93, pp. 15\uc0\u8211{}27, Mar. 2018.
\
[8]\tab K. L. Moore, {\i{}Iterative Learning Control for Deterministic Systems}. Springer Science & Business Media, 2012.
\
[9]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Model-Based Human Gait Recognition Via Deterministic Learning | SpringerLink.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12559-013-9221-4. [Accessed: 15-Jan-2018].
\
[10]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Optimisation and quantitative investment management | SpringerLink.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1057/palgrave.jam.2240205. [Accessed: 07-Mar-2018].
\
[11]\tab G. Bassett, G. Gerber, and P. Rocco, \uc0\u8220{}Robust Strategies for Quantitative Investment Management,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Theory and Applications of Recent Robust Methods}, Birkh\uc0\u228{}user, Basel, 2004, pp. 27\uc0\u8211{}37.
\
[12]\tab P. Andrikopoulos, J. Clunie, and A. Siganos, \uc0\u8220{}Short-selling constraints and \uc0\u8216{}quantitative\uc0\u8217{} investment strategies,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The European Journal of Finance}, vol. 19, no. 1, pp. 19\uc0\u8211{}35, Jan. 2013.
\
[13]\tab J. Greenblatt, {\i{}The Little Book That Still Beats the Market}. John Wiley & Sons, 2010.
\
[14]\tab A. P. Bradley, \uc0\u8220{}The use of the area under the ROC curve in the evaluation of machine learning algorithms,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Pattern Recognition}, vol. 30, no. 7, pp. 1145\uc0\u8211{}1159, Jul. 1997.
\
[15]\tab W. Zeng and C. Wang, \uc0\u8220{}View-invariant gait recognition via deterministic learning,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Neurocomputing}, vol. 175, pp. 324\uc0\u8211{}335, Jan. 2016.
\
[16]\tab \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u20013{}\uc0\u22269{}\uc0\u37327{}\uc0\u21270{}\uc0\u25237{}\uc0\u36164{}\uc0\u20154{}\uc0\u25165{}\uc0\u29616{}\uc0\u29366{}_\uc0\u25628{}\uc0\u29392{}\uc0\u36130{}\uc0\u32463{}_\uc0\u25628{}\uc0\u29392{}\uc0\u32593{}.\uc0\u8221{} [Online]. Available: http://www.sohu.com/a/132145930_494939. [Accessed: 07-Mar-2018].
\
}